Films On Demand Media Filter
====================================================
To use this plugin, your school must have an active subscription to Films On Demand.  If you have an active subscription, please contact our support department at (video.support@infobase.com) and request your Key and Secret.

If you do not have an active subscription, you may sign up for a free trial using our Free Trial Registration page:  https://freetrial.infobase.com/.

Transforms Films On Demand content URLs generated by the Films On Demand repository plugin into the product's embedded media player. Supports full video, video segments, custom content, and web channels.

Requires installation and use of the Films On Demand repository plugin.


Installation
=====================================================
Download the new Filter zip file.

Extract the contents of the zip to your computer.

You will end up withs:
        filmsondemand-filter-vxrx (where X is the latest version and release candidate)

Copy the filter/<product> into path/to/your/moodle/filters/

Once the folder been uploaded to their respective directories on the server, return to Site Administration and click on Notifications.

Moodle should be prompting you to install/upgrade the new plugin now. Click Upgrade Moodle database now.

Click Continue on the Success page to complete the installation/upgrade.
    
The filter must be configured now.

Note, the plugin will be activated globally after the installation.


Filter Configuration
======================================================
In order for content to display in Moodle, you must enable the product Filter.
    
Go to Site Administration --> Plugins --> Manage Filters.
    
Locate the product filter and verify Active is set to "On"

Return to your Moodle course and begin embedded your product content.


Using the Filter
======================================================
Refer to this help article for instructions on how to use the filter and repository plugin.

https://infobase-fod.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/360011655533-Installing-the-Moodle-Repository-Plugin-and-Filter

